D1.3: Internal Progress Reports year 1, including risk management and quality assurance plan #19

Closed
minrk opened this Issue Sep 8, 2015 · 42 comments

Comments

Projects
None yet
10 participants
@minrk
Contributor

minrk commented Sep 8, 2015

This reports on the scientific progress accomplished during the first year of OpenDreamKit (September 2015 to September 2016):

  • Evaluation of the progress of the project at the global level and the task level
  • Evaluation of risks foreseen and how they are being handled by partners
  • Quality assurance plan and report on Quality Review Board and end-user group's activities

@minrk minrk added this to the D1.3 milestone Sep 8, 2015

@nthiery nthiery modified the milestones: Month 12: 2016-08-31, D1.3 Mar 22, 2016

@bpilorget bpilorget assigned nthiery and bpilorget and unassigned nthiery Aug 23, 2016

@bpilorget

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@bpilorget

bpilorget Aug 29, 2016

Contributor

Current plan

I/Introduction

II/ Progress on the project
A) General progress
B) Focus on tasks to be implemented by now (cf status reports)

III/ Risk management
A) Recruitment of highly qualified staff
B) Different groups not forming effective team
C) Implementing infrastructure that does not match the needs of end users
D) Lack of predictability for tasks that are pursued jointly with the community
E) Reliance on external software components

IV/ Quality assurance plan
A) Deliverables quality: Quality Review Board
B) Infrastructure quality: End-user group

Contributor

bpilorget commented Aug 29, 2016

Current plan

I/Introduction

II/ Progress on the project
A) General progress
B) Focus on tasks to be implemented by now (cf status reports)

III/ Risk management
A) Recruitment of highly qualified staff
B) Different groups not forming effective team
C) Implementing infrastructure that does not match the needs of end users
D) Lack of predictability for tasks that are pursued jointly with the community
E) Reliance on external software components

IV/ Quality assurance plan
A) Deliverables quality: Quality Review Board
B) Infrastructure quality: End-user group

@nthiery

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@nthiery

nthiery Aug 31, 2016

Contributor

Dear workpackage leaders (@OpenDreamKit/coordination)

I have writen a first draft of progress report overview in https://github.com/OpenDreamKit/OpenDreamKit/blob/master/WP1/D1.3/report.tex. For each workpackage, we want to have a couple paragraphs about the major achievements and ongoing work. Please have a look at the preliminary stuff I put there for your workpackage, and expand!

Yeah, sorry for the last minute, since in principle the report is due today. If we can get this done in the next couple days, that's ok. Next year, I'll have a better idea of what should go there, and try to start in advance!

If you see other things that you can improve elsewhere in the document, please be my guest!

Thanks in advance!

Contributor

nthiery commented Aug 31, 2016

Dear workpackage leaders (@OpenDreamKit/coordination)

I have writen a first draft of progress report overview in https://github.com/OpenDreamKit/OpenDreamKit/blob/master/WP1/D1.3/report.tex. For each workpackage, we want to have a couple paragraphs about the major achievements and ongoing work. Please have a look at the preliminary stuff I put there for your workpackage, and expand!

Yeah, sorry for the last minute, since in principle the report is due today. If we can get this done in the next couple days, that's ok. Next year, I'll have a better idea of what should go there, and try to start in advance!

If you see other things that you can improve elsewhere in the document, please be my guest!

Thanks in advance!

@nthiery

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@nthiery

nthiery Aug 31, 2016

Contributor

@dimpase: oops, sorry, I just noticed you were not yet in @OpenDreamKit/coordination. Fixed!

Contributor

nthiery commented Aug 31, 2016

@dimpase: oops, sorry, I just noticed you were not yet in @OpenDreamKit/coordination. Fixed!

@bpilorget

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@bpilorget

bpilorget Sep 5, 2016

Contributor

@dimpase , @kohlhase @ClementPernet @defeo , Please have a look at section 2.3

Contributor

bpilorget commented Sep 5, 2016

@dimpase , @kohlhase @ClementPernet @defeo , Please have a look at section 2.3

@kohlhase

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@kohlhase

kohlhase Sep 5, 2016

Member

Please have a look at section 2.3

I have added some paragraphs about WP6.
Unfortunately, final.pdata does not seem to have a definition for \@pdata@def{deliv}{dksbaseslfmverif}{issue} I wonder where the others came from.

Member

kohlhase commented Sep 5, 2016

Please have a look at section 2.3

I have added some paragraphs about WP6.
Unfortunately, final.pdata does not seem to have a definition for \@pdata@def{deliv}{dksbaseslfmverif}{issue} I wonder where the others came from.

@nthiery

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@nthiery

nthiery Sep 5, 2016

Contributor

On Mon, Sep 05, 2016 at 12:59:32PM -0700, Michael Kohlhase wrote:

I have added some paragraphs about WP6.
Unfortunately, final.pdata does not seem to have a definition for
@pdata@def{deliv}{dksbaseslfmverif}{issue} I wonder where the others
came from.

I have just updated the proposal style file so that we could add
github issue numbers to the proposal file, and recover them from the
pdata (makes it easy to link back to github from our files, etc). And
then I manually added the issue numbers to 4 of our 7 WP's. Three more
to go. Ok, I'll do that now :-)

Benoît: I'll let you do the same for tasks!

Cheers,

Nicolas

Nicolas M. Thiéry "Isil" nthiery@users.sf.net
http://Nicolas.Thiery.name/

Contributor

nthiery commented Sep 5, 2016

On Mon, Sep 05, 2016 at 12:59:32PM -0700, Michael Kohlhase wrote:

I have added some paragraphs about WP6.
Unfortunately, final.pdata does not seem to have a definition for
@pdata@def{deliv}{dksbaseslfmverif}{issue} I wonder where the others
came from.

I have just updated the proposal style file so that we could add
github issue numbers to the proposal file, and recover them from the
pdata (makes it easy to link back to github from our files, etc). And
then I manually added the issue numbers to 4 of our 7 WP's. Three more
to go. Ok, I'll do that now :-)

Benoît: I'll let you do the same for tasks!

Cheers,

Nicolas

Nicolas M. Thiéry "Isil" nthiery@users.sf.net
http://Nicolas.Thiery.name/

@kohlhase

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@kohlhase

kohlhase Sep 6, 2016

Member

have just updated the proposal style file so that we could add github issue numbers to the proposal file,

ah, I see, clever. I had been looking through the code of my proposal class and was wondering whether I had though of it and forgot, ... :-). That being said, it would probably be easy to generate the issue numbers if we make sure that the issue generating script and the issues are evaluated in the same way.

Member

kohlhase commented Sep 6, 2016

have just updated the proposal style file so that we could add github issue numbers to the proposal file,

ah, I see, clever. I had been looking through the code of my proposal class and was wondering whether I had though of it and forgot, ... :-). That being said, it would probably be easy to generate the issue numbers if we make sure that the issue generating script and the issues are evaluated in the same way.

@nthiery

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@nthiery

nthiery Sep 6, 2016

Contributor

On Mon, Sep 05, 2016 at 10:36:56PM -0700, Michael Kohlhase wrote:

ah, I see, clever. I had been looking through the code of my proposal
class and was wondering whether I had though of it and forgot, ... :-).
That being said, it would probably be easy to generate the issue
numbers if we make sure that the issue generating script and the issues
are evaluated in the same way.

Yup! That will be for our next project :-) I finished entering all the
issue numbers for the deliverables, and it took 10 minutes for the
last three workpackages. It's less geeky and more error-prone but that
worked for now.

Cheers,

Contributor

nthiery commented Sep 6, 2016

On Mon, Sep 05, 2016 at 10:36:56PM -0700, Michael Kohlhase wrote:

ah, I see, clever. I had been looking through the code of my proposal
class and was wondering whether I had though of it and forgot, ... :-).
That being said, it would probably be easy to generate the issue
numbers if we make sure that the issue generating script and the issues
are evaluated in the same way.

Yup! That will be for our next project :-) I finished entering all the
issue numbers for the deliverables, and it took 10 minutes for the
last three workpackages. It's less geeky and more error-prone but that
worked for now.

Cheers,

@bpilorget

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@bpilorget

bpilorget Sep 6, 2016

Contributor

Issue number added to tasks in WP files

Contributor

bpilorget commented Sep 6, 2016

Issue number added to tasks in WP files

@defeo

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@defeo

defeo Sep 6, 2016

Contributor
Contributor

defeo commented Sep 6, 2016

@bpilorget

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@bpilorget

bpilorget Sep 7, 2016

Contributor

@videlec Peux-tu vérifier que je ne me suis pas trompé dans la partie recrutement, au niveau du paragraphe sur le CNRS stp?

Contributor

bpilorget commented Sep 7, 2016

@videlec Peux-tu vérifier que je ne me suis pas trompé dans la partie recrutement, au niveau du paragraphe sur le CNRS stp?

@videlec

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@videlec

videlec Sep 7, 2016

Contributor

@bpilorget done

Contributor

videlec commented Sep 7, 2016

@bpilorget done

@bpilorget

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@bpilorget

bpilorget Sep 9, 2016

Contributor

@dimpase Please fill in this paragraph

\subsubsection{WP7: Social aspects}
\TODO{Dima: describe briefly the current plan (upcoming workshops)
and evolutions in Oxford with the arrival of many people working on
related areas}
,

Contributor

bpilorget commented Sep 9, 2016

@dimpase Please fill in this paragraph

\subsubsection{WP7: Social aspects}
\TODO{Dima: describe briefly the current plan (upcoming workshops)
and evolutions in Oxford with the arrival of many people working on
related areas}
,

@nthiery

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@nthiery

nthiery Sep 11, 2016

Contributor

Done with the paragraphs about risk management. Please proofread.

Contributor

nthiery commented Sep 11, 2016

Done with the paragraphs about risk management. Please proofread.

@nthiery

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@nthiery

nthiery Sep 11, 2016

Contributor

I would like to send this ASAP to our project coordinator, to have feedback on the new format of our deliverables, and as a way for her to get an overview on our progress. I believe we just need @dimpase and @ClementPernet to finalize the short subsection on their workpackage.

Contributor

nthiery commented Sep 11, 2016

I would like to send this ASAP to our project coordinator, to have feedback on the new format of our deliverables, and as a way for her to get an overview on our progress. I believe we just need @dimpase and @ClementPernet to finalize the short subsection on their workpackage.

@nthiery

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@nthiery

nthiery Sep 11, 2016

Contributor

As discussed on another deliverable, the author list should consist of all those that made a nontrivial contribution to the deliverable. For now, we have ``NT, BP, et al.'' as author list. Shall we be more specific, mentionning all the work package leaders?

Contributor

nthiery commented Sep 11, 2016

As discussed on another deliverable, the author list should consist of all those that made a nontrivial contribution to the deliverable. For now, we have ``NT, BP, et al.'' as author list. Shall we be more specific, mentionning all the work package leaders?

@ClementPernet

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@ClementPernet

ClementPernet Sep 12, 2016

Contributor

Hi.
I had a paragraph written up last friday for WP5. In case you find it not complete enough I added a
paragraph on D5.5 today, if it's still time.
Let me know if you think of something specific that need to be improved.

Clément

Le 11/09/2016 15:02, Nicolas M. Thiéry a écrit :

I would like to send this ASAP to our project coordinator, to have feedback on the new format of our
deliverables, and as a way for her to get an overview on our progress. I believe we just need
@dimpase https://github.com/dimpase and @ClementPernet https://github.com/ClementPernet to
finalize the short subsection on their workpackage.


You are receiving this because you were mentioned.
Reply to this email directly, view it on GitHub
#19 (comment), or mute the thread
https://github.com/notifications/unsubscribe-auth/AJm0hNn6LtQFvD98ojMVwIOJu1TOp0gvks5qo_vNgaJpZM4F5ybK.

Contributor

ClementPernet commented Sep 12, 2016

Hi.
I had a paragraph written up last friday for WP5. In case you find it not complete enough I added a
paragraph on D5.5 today, if it's still time.
Let me know if you think of something specific that need to be improved.

Clément

Le 11/09/2016 15:02, Nicolas M. Thiéry a écrit :

I would like to send this ASAP to our project coordinator, to have feedback on the new format of our
deliverables, and as a way for her to get an overview on our progress. I believe we just need
@dimpase https://github.com/dimpase and @ClementPernet https://github.com/ClementPernet to
finalize the short subsection on their workpackage.


You are receiving this because you were mentioned.
Reply to this email directly, view it on GitHub
#19 (comment), or mute the thread
https://github.com/notifications/unsubscribe-auth/AJm0hNn6LtQFvD98ojMVwIOJu1TOp0gvks5qo_vNgaJpZM4F5ybK.

@nthiery

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@nthiery

nthiery Sep 15, 2016

Contributor

Merci Clément!

@dimpase: there just remain your blurb about WP7:
https://github.com/OpenDreamKit/OpenDreamKit/blob/master/WP1/D1.3/report.tex#L333
Thanks in advance,

Contributor

nthiery commented Sep 15, 2016

Merci Clément!

@dimpase: there just remain your blurb about WP7:
https://github.com/OpenDreamKit/OpenDreamKit/blob/master/WP1/D1.3/report.tex#L333
Thanks in advance,

@nthiery

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@nthiery

nthiery Sep 15, 2016

Contributor

Hi @jdemeyer,
https://www.lri.fr/etherpad/p/sage-days77-documentation is now back online. Could you move its content to the sage wiki, and write a very brief summary with a link to the wiki page around
https://github.com/OpenDreamKit/OpenDreamKit/blob/master/WP1/D1.3/report.tex#L249?
Thanks in advance!

Contributor

nthiery commented Sep 15, 2016

Hi @jdemeyer,
https://www.lri.fr/etherpad/p/sage-days77-documentation is now back online. Could you move its content to the sage wiki, and write a very brief summary with a link to the wiki page around
https://github.com/OpenDreamKit/OpenDreamKit/blob/master/WP1/D1.3/report.tex#L249?
Thanks in advance!

@nthiery

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@nthiery

nthiery Sep 15, 2016

Contributor

@bpilorget: could you have a look at the item left in this issue description:

  • Agregate the site reports from project meeting

Do you think there remains something to be done in this direction?

Contributor

nthiery commented Sep 15, 2016

@bpilorget: could you have a look at the item left in this issue description:

  • Agregate the site reports from project meeting

Do you think there remains something to be done in this direction?

@bpilorget

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@bpilorget

bpilorget Sep 15, 2016

Contributor

@nthiery It's done. Minor improvements followed

Contributor

bpilorget commented Sep 15, 2016

@nthiery It's done. Minor improvements followed

@dimpase

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@dimpase

dimpase Sep 15, 2016

Contributor

Hi, sorry for holding this up, travelling from one conference to another.
Will do tomorrow.

On 15 Sep 2016 2:46 pm, "bpilorget" notifications@github.com wrote:

@nthiery https://github.com/nthiery It's done. Minor improvements
followed


You are receiving this because you were mentioned.
Reply to this email directly, view it on GitHub
#19 (comment),
or mute the thread
https://github.com/notifications/unsubscribe-auth/ABN8HGRuWan8ciRJ6JK5hEfIudj1VO15ks5qqUxPgaJpZM4F5ybK
.

Contributor

dimpase commented Sep 15, 2016

Hi, sorry for holding this up, travelling from one conference to another.
Will do tomorrow.

On 15 Sep 2016 2:46 pm, "bpilorget" notifications@github.com wrote:

@nthiery https://github.com/nthiery It's done. Minor improvements
followed


You are receiving this because you were mentioned.
Reply to this email directly, view it on GitHub
#19 (comment),
or mute the thread
https://github.com/notifications/unsubscribe-auth/ABN8HGRuWan8ciRJ6JK5hEfIudj1VO15ks5qqUxPgaJpZM4F5ybK
.

@nthiery

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@nthiery

nthiery Sep 15, 2016

Contributor

On Thu, Sep 15, 2016 at 08:44:14AM -0700, Dima Pasechnik wrote:

Hi, sorry for holding this up, travelling from one conference to
another.
Will do tomorrow.

Thanks! Enjoy the conferences :-)

Contributor

nthiery commented Sep 15, 2016

On Thu, Sep 15, 2016 at 08:44:14AM -0700, Dima Pasechnik wrote:

Hi, sorry for holding this up, travelling from one conference to
another.
Will do tomorrow.

Thanks! Enjoy the conferences :-)

@dimpase

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@dimpase

dimpase Sep 26, 2016

Contributor

how does one use \delivref macro? I don't see how e.g.
\delivref{component-architecture}{portability-cygwin} relates to the wp and deliverable numbers. Is this correspondence specified anywhere? Thanks in advance.

Contributor

dimpase commented Sep 26, 2016

how does one use \delivref macro? I don't see how e.g.
\delivref{component-architecture}{portability-cygwin} relates to the wp and deliverable numbers. Is this correspondence specified anywhere? Thanks in advance.

@nthiery

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@nthiery

nthiery Sep 26, 2016

Contributor

On Sun, Sep 25, 2016 at 05:02:29PM -0700, Dima Pasechnik wrote:

how does one use \delivref macro? I don't see how e.g.
\delivref{component-architecture}{portability-cygwin} relates to the wp
and deliverable numbers. Is this correspondence specified anywhere?

This uses the same labels as in our proposal: \delivref{}{}.
So the correspondence can be retrieved from the sources of the WP
description, e.g. /Proposal/WorkPackages/SocialAspects.tex.

Alternatively, I find convenient to make searches in
/Proposal/final.pdata, since it contains all the info:
deliverable labels, names, numbers, ..., all in a single file.

Cheers,

Contributor

nthiery commented Sep 26, 2016

On Sun, Sep 25, 2016 at 05:02:29PM -0700, Dima Pasechnik wrote:

how does one use \delivref macro? I don't see how e.g.
\delivref{component-architecture}{portability-cygwin} relates to the wp
and deliverable numbers. Is this correspondence specified anywhere?

This uses the same labels as in our proposal: \delivref{}{}.
So the correspondence can be retrieved from the sources of the WP
description, e.g. /Proposal/WorkPackages/SocialAspects.tex.

Alternatively, I find convenient to make searches in
/Proposal/final.pdata, since it contains all the info:
deliverable labels, names, numbers, ..., all in a single file.

Cheers,

@bpilorget

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@bpilorget

bpilorget Oct 24, 2016

Contributor

@dimpase Hi Dima. I don't see your inpu on WP7. Have you had time to write something?

Contributor

bpilorget commented Oct 24, 2016

@dimpase Hi Dima. I don't see your inpu on WP7. Have you had time to write something?

@dimpase

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@dimpase

dimpase Oct 24, 2016

Contributor

@bpilorget : Hi, I hear you, I'm working on it.

Contributor

dimpase commented Oct 24, 2016

@bpilorget : Hi, I hear you, I'm working on it.

@bpilorget

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@bpilorget

bpilorget Nov 18, 2016

Contributor

@dimpase Dima??

Contributor

bpilorget commented Nov 18, 2016

@dimpase Dima??

@markuspf

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@markuspf

markuspf Nov 18, 2016

Member

Sorry, I was clicking in the wrong place.

Member

markuspf commented Nov 18, 2016

Sorry, I was clicking in the wrong place.

@nthiery

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@nthiery

nthiery Jan 9, 2017

Contributor

Hi @minrk: could you throw in a few lines on Jupyterhub improvements by ODK in 2015-2016, and maybe expand a bit on the Jupyter paragraphs just above?
See around:
https://github.com/OpenDreamKit/OpenDreamKit/blob/master/WP1/D1.3/report.tex#L251

@dimpase: still looking forward a couple paragraphs for WP7:
https://github.com/OpenDreamKit/OpenDreamKit/blob/master/WP1/D1.3/report.tex#L338

I'd like to submit this deliverable (already 4 months late ...) this week, in preparation for next week.

Thanks in advance,

Contributor

nthiery commented Jan 9, 2017

Hi @minrk: could you throw in a few lines on Jupyterhub improvements by ODK in 2015-2016, and maybe expand a bit on the Jupyter paragraphs just above?
See around:
https://github.com/OpenDreamKit/OpenDreamKit/blob/master/WP1/D1.3/report.tex#L251

@dimpase: still looking forward a couple paragraphs for WP7:
https://github.com/OpenDreamKit/OpenDreamKit/blob/master/WP1/D1.3/report.tex#L338

I'd like to submit this deliverable (already 4 months late ...) this week, in preparation for next week.

Thanks in advance,

@dimpase

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@dimpase

dimpase Jan 9, 2017

Contributor

oh, I haven't understood I am delaying a deliverable here, sorry. Will be done in a day or two.

Contributor

dimpase commented Jan 9, 2017

oh, I haven't understood I am delaying a deliverable here, sorry. Will be done in a day or two.

@minrk

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@minrk

minrk Jan 9, 2017

Contributor
Contributor

minrk commented Jan 9, 2017

@nthiery

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@nthiery

nthiery Jan 9, 2017

Contributor
Contributor

nthiery commented Jan 9, 2017

@minrk

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@minrk

minrk Jan 10, 2017

Contributor

@nthiery just added some Jupyter notes

Contributor

minrk commented Jan 10, 2017

@nthiery just added some Jupyter notes

@nthiery

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@nthiery

nthiery Jan 10, 2017

Contributor
Contributor

nthiery commented Jan 10, 2017

@dimpase

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@dimpase

dimpase Jan 11, 2017

Contributor

Added stuff on WP7 - not sure whether it already is TeX-able without errors. Please have a look.
Please see e9e7378

Contributor

dimpase commented Jan 11, 2017

Added stuff on WP7 - not sure whether it already is TeX-able without errors. Please have a look.
Please see e9e7378

@nthiery

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@nthiery

nthiery Jan 11, 2017

Contributor
Contributor

nthiery commented Jan 11, 2017

@dimpase

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@dimpase

dimpase Jan 11, 2017

Contributor

@nthiery where are your updates/suggestions? - found them: 5a8785a

Contributor

dimpase commented Jan 11, 2017

@nthiery where are your updates/suggestions? - found them: 5a8785a

@nthiery

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@nthiery

nthiery Jan 11, 2017

Contributor
Contributor

nthiery commented Jan 11, 2017

@fangohr

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@fangohr

fangohr Jan 16, 2017

Contributor

Am just working through this. I notice that tasks (such as T3.8) are printed in bold face in the pdf but deliverables (such as D4.9) are in normal font. I would actually prefer if the tasks where also in normal font (i.e. not bold): they see to attract too much visual attention in the document.

If there are no objections, can somebody do this ? @kohlhase maybe?

Contributor

fangohr commented Jan 16, 2017

Am just working through this. I notice that tasks (such as T3.8) are printed in bold face in the pdf but deliverables (such as D4.9) are in normal font. I would actually prefer if the tasks where also in normal font (i.e. not bold): they see to attract too much visual attention in the document.

If there are no objections, can somebody do this ? @kohlhase maybe?

@kohlhase

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@kohlhase

kohlhase Jan 19, 2017

Member

If there are no objections, can somebody do this ? @kohlhase maybe?

I have done that, they were just a \textbf{...} away.

Member

kohlhase commented Jan 19, 2017

If there are no objections, can somebody do this ? @kohlhase maybe?

I have done that, they were just a \textbf{...} away.

@nthiery

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@nthiery

nthiery Feb 22, 2017

Contributor

Submitted on the EU portal.
Note: task references were still in bold (as taken from final.pdf). No big deal, so I moved on.
Thanks everybody for the feedback!

Contributor

nthiery commented Feb 22, 2017

Submitted on the EU portal.
Note: task references were still in bold (as taken from final.pdf). No big deal, so I moved on.
Thanks everybody for the feedback!

Sign up for free to join this conversation on GitHub. Already have an account? Sign in to comment